A mix of fall colors reflects off a lake north of Duluth. Photo: Brian Peterson/Star Tribune BUY SHARE ABOUT http://www.startribune.com 02:07The Twins ace starts the playoff game against the Yankees. Ervin Santana has big game tonight Brian Dozier, Joe Mauer preview wild card ... Twins fans share playoff predictions Colon: 'I'm not going anywhere' © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved. StarTribune Recently Visited Molitor lauds 'cooperation and collaboration' with top Twins officials Reusse: Big reason Molitor's still here? His Twins caught the ball Souhan: Twins made the right moves with Allen, Molitor Severino, Judge help Yankees top Indians 7-3 to force Game 5 Astros beat Red Sox 5-4 in Game 4, advance to ALCS Bellinger, Dodgers beat D-backs 3-1 to return to NLCS Twins' turnaround gets Molitor new three-year contract Twins fire pitching coach Allen after announcing Molitor's new deal Ervin Santana has big game tonight mlb Twins need pitching, but it comes at a price Cubs rally past Nationals, go up 2-1; Get Division Series updates here Reusse: Fickle fans quick to embrace local sports figures, even quicker to spurn them Renovated Metropolitan Club at Target Field to be open to all next season Molitor and Twins are working on new deal Souhan: Decision to try to re-sign Molitor should have been easier With Twins season over, how much change ahead? Don't think Twins would let go of Molitor? Remember Tubby Smith Souhan: With no time to rebuild, here are 10 steps Twins must take to improve Twins look ahead: 'It feels like we're just getting started.' Souhan: Santana's awful outing raises doubts about role with Twins Exhilarated then deflated: Twins' season ends with 8-4 loss to Yankees Twins fans got that familiar feeling awfully fast against Yankees Same old, same old: Media mayhem after another Twins' playoff loss Twins match record with 13th straight postseason loss Poll: Who should be considered the Vikings' No. 1 quarterback? StarTribune Company Advertise with us Buy Customer support Website
