There are two reasons the Domino's Pizza share price could see a short-term upward squeeze, but what about the fundamentals? David Brenchley gets the lowdown. Neil Woodford has slipped out of the top three in our most-bought funds league table. Marina Gerner reveals who's replaced him. US small caps are on fire, but they're no longer cheap. Richard Turnill, global chief investment strategist at Blackrock, tells us how investors should play the sector. This former high-flyer fell off a cliff, losing three-quarters of its value since June. Analyst Alistair Strang looks to the charts for inspiration. Edmond Jackson reckons this consumer discretionary stock rates a ""long-term buy"", but there are caveats to consider before rushing in. Jersey Oil & Gas surged over 400% Monday, after Statoil announced success at its flagship well in the North Sea. David Brenchley finds out what the news means for investors. Oil industry analyst Malcolm Graham-Wood has seen it all. He gives Interactive Investor his opinion on the sector's top stories. Auto parts maker TI Fluid Systems has revived plans to float in London after bailing out following the Brexit vote. David Brenchley reveals why. September was a month of two halves, but what were investors trading? Lee Wild reveals the most active stocks on the Interactive Investor platform last month. The market for this blue-chip share has drifted and turned quiet, but that's when upside 'surprises' often result, writes analyst John Burford. Banks were the main cause of the financial crisis and one of its biggest losers. Gregor Watt looks at whether the sector is worth buying again.  The FTSE 100's underlying upward force is ""impressive"", and chartist Alistair Strang is confident it can deliver an all-time high. Here are the big company events happening over the next week that investors need to know about. This former dotcom boom darling has been our Share of the Week four times now. David Brenchley finds out whether anything can stop its winning run. Ricardo is a great company, but there are some concerns. Here's what companies analyst Richard Beddard thinks of this supplier to Aston Martin and Bugatti. Nimble AIM has thrashed large-cap markets in 2017 by at least 80%. Former AIM writer of the year Andrew Hore reveals what's behind this upsurge in demand for small-caps. RWS Holdings is set to report a 14th consecutive year of rising revenue, profit and dividends. But, while investors aren't deterred, shares are looking expensive, finds David Brenchley. Oil industry analyst Malcolm Graham-Wood has seen it all. He gives Interactive Investor his opinion on the sector's top stories. The FTSE 100 has experienced a strong start to the month, permitting untold optimism for the future, says chartist Alistair Strang, but there's a small spanner in the works. While the oil market is in a far stronger position in 2017 than last year, investors will not forget the lessons learnt from 2014, writes Emil Ahmad. Neil Woodford has slipped out of the top three in our most-bought funds league table. Marina Gerner reveals who's replaced him. US small caps are on fire, but they're no longer cheap. Richard Turnill, global chief investment strategist at Blackrock, tells us how investors should play the sector. This former high-flyer fell off a cliff, losing three-quarters of its value since June. Analyst Alistair Strang looks to the charts for inspiration. More... Interactive Investor Trading Limited, trading as ""Interactive Investor"", is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered Office: Standon House, 21 Mansell Street, London E1 8AA, telephone 0345 200 3637. Registered in England with Company Registration number 3699618.
Group VAT registration number 832 6732 26.
We may record and/or monitor telephone calls or intercept other telecommunications between us. This is to protect both of us and for training purposes. Calls to this number cost no more than calls to 01 and 02 numbers. More Articles Still 'considerable' upside for Domino's Pizza shares? 10 most popular funds - September 2017 Are small-cap investors right to favour size over style? Plotting 88 Energy's post-crash recovery Stockwatch: A long-term buy with caveats Why Jersey Oil is still an 'extraordinary buying opportunity' The Oil Man: Jersey Oil, President, Columbus, Petrofac, Wood Group Electric car parts firm set for big London IPO Most-traded investments in September 2017 Chart of the week: A low-risk FTSE 100 trade Ten years after the crash, is it time to buy bank shares? FTSE 100 still on track for record high The week ahead: Sky in focus Share of the Week: Returning to dotcom boom levels What makes Ricardo special The companies behind AIM's incredible rally RWS: Quality does not come cheap The Oil Man: Sound Energy, Echo, Zenith, Frontera Here's what could stop the FTSE 100's advance Three likely winners in the new oil price environment Recent iiTV episodes Features 10 most popular funds - September 2017 Are small-cap investors right to favour size over style? Plotting 88 Energy's post-crash recovery Knowledge Centre Most active discussions Search Information Connect Our Services Our Products Popular Pages Secondary links
