The Australian Taxation Office will make chasing those who misuse the research and development tax incentive as a top priority, after a tax … The delivery wars are set to heat up this Christmas, and Australia Post has been rallying local retailers to sign up to its new free parcel … Sydney-founded freelance jobs marketplace Airtasker has raised $33 million from existing shareholders to fuel the establishment of its Londo… Startup News & Analysis
																																Angela Castles Storage marketplace Spacer has raised $2.7 million to fund an acquisition of rival startup Parkhound and consolidate its parking, storage an… Mental health & wellbeing
																																Leanne Faulkner In 2011 I was struggling with stress and anxiety directly attributed to the tough trading times I was having in my small business. In fact, … Retail
																																Emma Koehn The launch of German hypermarket Kaufland into the Australian market looks one step closer, with reports the company has bought a large reta… Startup News & Analysis
																																Angela Castles From startups working in healthtech to social enterprises, Sydney-based accelerator program Startmate has revealed the 12 startups taking pa…      leadership, Mental health & wellbeing
                                Eloise Keating Olympic champion Lydia Lassila describes her small business as one that was forged from adversity.  Many Australians would know the 35-y… I’m SmartCompany’s resident Agony Aunt. I'm taking readers down memory lane with a look at what we were talking about in 2007 ... SmartCompany is the leading online publication in Australia for free news, information and resources catering to Australia's entrepreneurs, small and medium business owners and business managers. Monday to Friday, SmartCompany.com.au publishes news, business trends and ideas from around the world, profiles and features, as well as all the latest business, tax, legal, marketing, politics and innovation developments occurring around the country. Tax agent sentenced to two years’ prison over $550,000 in fraudulent R&D tax incentive claims: Warning sounded on R&D scrutiny Australia Post rolls out free delivery member program Shipster as retailers prepare for competitive Christmas “Jump in hard and fight your way out of it”: Airtasker raises $33 million as it prepares to tackle the UK gig economy Storage startup Spacer has raised $2.7 million to acquire Parkhound, a competitor that pitched on Shark Tank Three reasons why it’s important to seek help when your small business stresses you German retailer Kaufland gets set for Adelaide: Will it close in on Target and Kmart? Startmate reveals the 12 startups selected for its first Melbourne accelerator The mental health red flags of small business ownership Gift cards to be honoured for three years in NSW … Domino’s repays $5.4 milion in staff entitlements … Australia ranks fourth for non-cash payments Love and time: LinkedIn chief executive Jeff Weiner on what business owners often take for granted What this advisor learnt from firing someone they deeply admired What it takes to keep your business going for 60 years Myer turns the tables on David Jones to lead in customer satisfaction: Roy Morgan Five ways to build rapport at work What Australian companies should be doing right now to protect customer data Academy Xi launches Growth Hack Idol to help mental health organisations grow Upcoming Events The 8th Public Sector Women in Leadership Victoria Summit 2017 Breakfast briefing: Resilience and wellbeing in entrepreneurs The 2017 Smart50 Awards The 8th Public Sector Women in Leadership NSW Summit 2017 China Digital Conference 2017 – Melbourne Seven entrepreneurs on leaving the corporate world to do their own thing SMALL BUSINESS MENTAL HEALTH What Olympic champion Lydia Lassila knows about resilience and mental toughness — and how she’s applying it to her thriving small business Where to look for small business mental health resources Building your resilience and understanding your purpose Skitch co-founder Cris Pearson opens up about the toll the startup “cult” took on his mental health Aunty B Most Read Partner Content What your customers think about your payment policies What people think about minimum card spend restrictions – a SmartCompany report What you need to know about workers’ compensation What it takes to keep your business going for 60 years If you say “that’s the way we’ve always done it” you’re going to be left behind Get more SmartCompany for FREE direct to your inbox
