The next wave of famous Cubs followers includes Roy Wood Jr. and Elisabeth Moss. Looks like Elisabeth Moss will make it to Wrigley Field for a playoff game after all.   Last week, ""The Handmaid's Tale"" actor told the Tribune that shooting for her series would likely prevent her from attending any of the National League Division Series against the Nationals, but she's set to attend... The ball seemingly hung in the air forever as a city held its breath and waited for it to come down.   It wasn't exactly the homer in the gloamin', but Anthony Rizzo and the Cubs will take it.   When Rizzo's eighth-inning pop fly finally plopped into the lush grass in left-center field early Monday... Destiny seldom announces its arrival.   Sometimes it just drops in unexpectedly, in the middle of the outfield. Sometimes a blooper off Anthony Rizzo's bat falls in among three Nationals at Wrigley Field and makes everyone start to wonder if anything is possible all over again for the Cubs.   The Cubs... A rash of complaints broke out on social media shortly after the Cubs' lineup Monday revealed that 36-year-old Ben Zobrist was starting at second base in place of slick-fielding Javier Baez.   ""Everybody knows everything, what’s going on on the field and off the field,"" Jason Heyward quipped. ""We... Kyle Schwarber stood in left field, placed his glove over his mouth and screamed into it so hard, his body shook.   What was he yelling?   ""A lot of bad words,"" Schwarber said after the Cubs defeated the Nationals 2-1 in Game 3 of the National League Division Series.   The Parental Guidance Recommended... Nationals manager Dusty Baker thought Max Scherzer had ""had enough"" after he allowed his first hit Monday with one out in the seventh inning.   The right-hander and two-time Cy Young winner, whose start was pushed to Game 3 because of an injured right hamstring, concurred with his manager after the... The situation: After brilliant pitching performances from starters Jose Quintana and Max Scherzer, the game headed into the bottom of the eighth tied at 1-1. Pinch hitter Tommy La Stella walked, and Leonys Martin ran for him. Jon Jay sacrificed Martin to second before Kris Bryant struck out. Nationals... Nationals pitcher Max Scherzer discusses his outing and being pulled in the seventh inning of Game 3 of the National League Division Series on Monday, Oct. 9, 2017. (Paul Skrbina/Chicago Tribune) Zack Greinke had Arizona's season in his hands, and after he went 13-1 at home during the regular season, the Diamondbacks liked their chances of avoiding an National League Division Series sweep.   Home wasn't so sweet for Greinke this October. After a lousy showing in the wild-card game against... The strong possibility that his final games at Wrigley Field as a member of the Cubs will be during this postseason haven't been lost on Jake Arrieta.   ""I'm trying to capture some mental images of Wrigley, the fan base and my teammates, and just to try and remember as much as I can about these last... For those of you scoring at home, Jose Quintana moved from one Chicago team that couldn’t support him with offense to the other Chicago team that couldn't support him with offense or defense.   Or managing.   Can a guy making his playoff debut in Game 3 of the National League Division Series between... Pitching matchup for Game 4 of the National League Division Series between the Cubs and the Nationals. Nationals' Tanner Roark   Tanner Roark grew up a Cubs fan in Wilmington, Ill., making many trips to Wrigley Field.   The Nationals right-hander has abandoned his fandom for this visit. He'll be starting... The seeds for Deter Jeter to run a major league baseball team started as early as at least 1996, according to Cubs coach Mike Borzello.   ""I think he’s someone you have full confident in doing just about anything,"" Borzello recalled of Jeter, a future Hall of Fame shortstop with the Yankees who took... Cubs fans young and old descended on Wrigley Field for playoff baseball Monday, a gathering that is starting to become an October habit.   The atmosphere at Clark and Addison was familiar, with a twist. This postseason, Cubs fans are cheering for the defending champions, a reality that has many in... Cubs manager Joe Maddon remains amused by the second-guessing of his decisions in the eighth inning of Saturday's Game 2 loss to the Nationals.   In particular, Maddon was pleasantly bewildered by a suggestion that left fielder Ben Zobrist misjudged Ryan Zimmerman's drive that carried for a game-winning... Cubs fan Tommy Ryan talks about trying to get tickets for Game 3 of the National League Division Series outside Wrigley Field on Monday, Oct. 9, 2017. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune) Zach LaVine may get a taste of Chicago's playoff atmosphere if the new Bulls guard attends Game 3 of the National League Division Series, as expected. He may be joined at Wrigley Field by teammate Justin Holiday, according to the Cubs' celebrity guest list.   Here are some other VIPs who told the... Cubs starter Jake Arrieta discusses his hamstring injury, the Nationals' Trea Turner and his future with the team on Monday, Oct. 9, 2017. (Mark Gonzales/Chicago Tribune) Calling his hamstring injury a ""non-issue,"" Cubs starter Jake Arrieta declared himself ready to start Game 4 of the National League Division Series against the Nationals on Tuesday.   The veteran right-hander hasn't pitched since Sept. 26 because of a hamstring issue but said Monday he has healed... Anthony Rizzo knocked in the winning run with a bloop single in the bottom of the eighth inning to give the Cubs a 2-1 victory over the Nationals in Game 3 of the National League Division Series on Monday at Wrigley Field. The game featured a terrific duel between the starting pitchers, Jose Quintana... An auction for a Cubs World Series ring had reached $36,629 by Monday afternoon, but a Cubs official said the team is looking into what he termed an unauthorized sale.   ""We are currently investigating how this ring landed on an auction site,"" Cubs spokesman Julian Green said in an email statement.... Jon Jay will make his first start of the postseason Monday and Javier Baez will sit as the Chicago Cubs face Max Scherzer and the Washington Nationals in Game 3 of the National League Division Series at Wrigley Field.   The left-handed hitting Jay is 1-for-8 lifetime against Scherzer, who is more... When Nationals manager Dusty Baker steps out of the dugout for pre-game introductions Monday afternoon at Wrigley Field, he’ll be greeted by a loud chorus of boos.   Many of those booing probable weren’t old enough to remember why Baker is being booed in the first place, but no matter.   Booing Dusty... I realize that Cubs fans don’t need to compound the misery of Bryce Harper’s game-tying and perhaps series-turning home run in Game 2 of the National League Division Series, the one that required tracking assistance from NORAD, but Harper’s bat flip was something, too.   It didn’t match the magnitude... Last year's championship run by the Cubs brought us the memorable scenes of families congregating outside Wrigley Field and writing their names or the names of loved ones in chalk on the brick walls.   It wasn't orchestrated or sponsored. There was nothing on Twitter or Facebook instructing fans... There are days on the Chicago sports calendar to circle, others to savor, and then there is Monday, the best one yet in 2017 — and hard to top in any year.   With that delight comes a civic duty. Say welcome back to playoff baseball at Wrigley Field, a relatively new October tradition thanks to the... Cubs' Jose Quintana   Jose Quintana will become acquainted with a bunch of strangers in his new home, Wrigley Field, when he takes the mound for the Cubs to start Game 3 of the National League Division Series against the Nationals.   Quintana will be making his maiden postseason start against a team... The Cubs overcame the likes of Clayton Kershaw and Corey Kluber on the way to their first World Series title since 1908.   There will be a slightly different landscape Monday when they face formidable Max Scherzer of the Nationals in Game 3 of the National League Division Series at Wrigley Field.... Nationals ace Max Scherzer has been biding his time the last few days, anxiously awaiting his chance to face the Cubs in the National League Division Series.   Scherzer is not exactly the most patient person, but with a bum right hamstring incurred during his final start of the regular season, he... Anxiety?   Don't use that word to describe the current state of the Cubs, as manager Joe Maddon told a reporter Sunday.   ""Eagerness, excitement,"" Maddon replied. ""I really try to avoid the word anxiety. It's not a good word.""   So Maddon elaborated on the eagerness of the Cubs returning home for Games... When Mike Montgomery hits the banquet circuit long after his playing days, he'll likely be introduced as ""Mike Montgomery, the guy who got the save in Game 7 of the 2016 World Series to give the Cubs their first championship in 108 years.""   But the veteran left-hander is determined to not let that... It hurt to look at the Cubs-Nationals score on TBS, didn't it?   Didn't matter how you felt about the Cubs. The cable network's score box in the upper left corner of the screen has been just too small this postseason.   Last year during the playoffs the prevailing complaint among viewers was TBS' score... 1. Jon Lester's 20th postseason start began on a rough note when the wind helped carry Anthony Rendon's home run over the right-field wall, 349 feet from home plate. Lester retired 10 in a row after that, though, and kept his pitch count low.   2. Willson Contreras used the wind to his advantage... The Lakeview Baseball Club enters the postseason in an unprecedented position: with a string of zeroes on the popular years-since-Cubs-championship sign.   The new reality has club management discussing the future of the sign showcased atop the exterior of the three-flat at 3633 N. Sheffield Ave.... The situation: Things were looking good for the Cubs when they entered the bottom of the eighth inning holding a 3-1 lead and the Nationals in search of their offense. Carl Edwards Jr. took the mound in relief of Pedro Strop, who had come on in the seventh to replace starter Jon Lester. Nationals... Nationals manager Dusty Baker looks ahead to the starts of Max Scherzer in Game 3 and Tanner Roark in Game 4 of the National League Division Series on Sunday, Oct. 8, 2017. (Mark Gonzales/Chicago Tribune) Nationals starting pitcher Max Scherzer looks ahead to Monday's NLDS Game 3 start against the Cubs on Sunday, Oct. 8, 2017. (Mark Gonzales/Chicago Tribune) Cubs starter Jose Quintana discusses getting to pitch for the first time in the postseason. (Mark Gonzales/Chicago Tribune) Cubs manager Joe Maddon discusses Nationals ace Max Scherzer and Cubs starter Jose Quintana's first playoff start on Sunday, Oct. 8, 2017. (Mark Gonzales/Chicago Tribune) Cubs left fielder Kyle Schwarber discusses having fun and facing John Lackey two years ago in the postseason. (Mark Gonzales/Chicago Tribune) As Ben Zobrist looked up hopelessly at Ryan Zimmerman's towering drive that barely cleared the left-field wall Saturday night, the Cubs were left to collectively rid themselves of the frustration of their eighth-inning collapse and the chance to rebound.   ""We had them where we wanted but couldn't... The day began with Nationals manager Dusty Baker being asked how he would know if Bryce Harper was back.   ""I can't tell you what I see, because you might be a double agent for the Cubs,"" Baker said with a grin. ""You know I don't want them to know any more than they already know. I would like for... Nationals Park felt like this district's largest library at one point Saturday night, quieted by the home baseball team with so many history books full of blank pages.   Then came the eighth inning, and Bryce Harper authored one of the franchise's biggest moments, hammering a hanging curveball from... Here’s the deal: It wasn’t the choice of pitcher. It was the choice of pitch.   Before you blame Joe Maddon for not bringing in a left-handed reliever to face Bryce Harper in that fateful eighth inning of Game 2 of the National League Division Series, know this:   Carl Edwards Jr. is one of the Cubs’... Jon Lester wasn't in the mood to pat himself on the back Saturday night, even after adding to the list of strong outings from Cubs' starting pitchers.   ""I felt good,"" Lester said. ""In the end, we lost the game, so it doesn't matter how I felt.""   Lester's six innings of two-hit ball was wasted when... Move over Nacho Man, Home Run Guy wants his 15 minutes too.   Cubs fan Sean Thompson woke up Saturday morning at his home in New Kent, Va., took the train into the nation's capital, and awaited with excitement Game 2 of the National League Division Series — his first at Nationals Park.   It was an... Bryce Harper’s first home run in two months, a two-run, second-deck shot to right field off Carl Edwards Jr. that prompted a bat flip and a curtain call, tied the score in the eighth inning Saturday during Game 2 of the National League Division Series. Ryan Zimmerman’s three-run home run off Mike... Yasiel Puig had three hits and drove in two runs, Austin Barnes added a key two-run double and the Los Angeles Dodgers used another relentless offensive performance to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 8-5 on Saturday night for a 2-0 lead in their NL Division Series.   Logan Forsythe had three hits and... Yesterday in our nation’s capital Kyle Hendricks proved to a stadium of fans cheering for his demise why he was chosen as a starting pitcher from a roster of World Series talent. The Cubs would go on to defeat the Nationals 3-0 in a shutout with the help of the ""Bryzzo Souvenir Co."" duo, but Hendricks... Jason Heyward said it was ""hilarious"" the first time Jon Jay gave him ""the bird.""   But Heyward wasn't caught off-guard when he heard Jay's ""caw, caw, caw"" call on a fly ball.   The Cubs outfielders wore Cardinals uniforms then, and Jay warned his mate to keep his ears open for the call, which Jay... Joe Maddon has given Dave Martinez plenty of credit for the Cubs' success, but the manager remains puzzled that his bench coach hasn't received serious consideration for managerial openings over the past few years.   ""I'd love to see him in the group (of managerial candidates),"" said Maddon, referring... The path to the 2017 playoffs was more volatile than anticipated for many of the Cubs’ youngsters that helped lead them to the 2016 World Series.   But the most important growth – measured in terms of overcoming failure – could serve the Cubs well as they attempt to defend their Series title.   “It... The Nationals suspension of assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones just before Game 1 on Friday was a shock to the team as it prepared for their first postseason game.   The Nats lost 3-0 to the Cubs in the National League Division Series opener, and the announcement was made shortly before game time.... Manager Dusty Baker said Saturday there's a fine line between urgency and panic, and he stressed the need for his Nationals not to get nervous as they try to overcome a 1-0 deficit against the Cubs in the best-of-five National League Division Series.   ""There's a fine line between urgency and panic,... Cubs manager Joe Maddon has opted for a predominantly right-handed hitting lineup Saturday in Game 2 of the National League Division Series at Nationals Park.   Albert Almora Jr. will bat leadoff against left-hander Gio Gonzalez, who limited left-handers to a .183 batting average and right-handers... Power dominates, but Cubs style points Friday night proved more valuable in posting one of their most skillful victories of the past three postseasons.   Despite Stephen Strasburg not allowing a hit for 52/3 innings, the Cubs' precision-like play produced a 3-0 victory Friday night over the Nationals... Rain is in the forecast for Game 4 of the National League Division Series, but so far the game is still on.   The game between the Cubs and the Nationals is in the hands of Major League Baseball, which moved the game time up last night to 4:30 p.m. due to the strong possibility of rain tonight.   There... Former Bears star and coach Mike Ditka, an adamant critic of National Football League players kneeling during the national anthem to protest racial discrimination, said Monday in a national radio interview that this country has been free of oppression for at least a century.   “All of a sudden, it’s... Ten thoughts after the Chicago Bears lost to the Minnesota Vikings 20-17 on Monday night at Soldier Field in the debut for rookie first-round draft pick Mitch Trubisky.   1. For a prime time game in early October watching a one-win team, the crowd was electric at Soldier Field and the reason why... Destiny seldom announces its arrival.   Sometimes it just drops in unexpectedly, in the middle of the outfield. Sometimes a blooper off Anthony Rizzo's bat falls in among three Nationals at Wrigley Field and makes everyone start to wonder if anything is possible all over again for the Cubs.   The Cubs... With one comment, new Cavaliers guard Derrick Rose shattered a perception that had taken shape over seven years.   Asked about finally getting to play with LeBron James and Dwyane Wade, a trio the Bulls tried to land in 2010 free agency, Rose disputed the notion that he wouldn't recruit players,... This would be a first guess, not a second guess like people in our business are accused of doing, but if Game 4 of the National League Division Series gets called because of rain before anyone has thrown a pitch today and is rescheduled for tomorrow, I'm starting Kyle Hendricks instead of Jake... New starters may emerge from some backfield battles. Meanwhile, someone has to catch passes for the Giants (theoretically). Feel free to email your fantasy football questions or comments to @plthompson@chicagotribune.com or tweet me at @_phil_thompson. Cubs manager Joe Maddon insisted that Jake Arrieta would start Game 4 of the National League Division Series, regardless if it were played Tuesday or Wednesday.   But there is the possibility that Stephen Strasburg could replace Tanner Roark for the Nationals if Game 4 is postponed as rain is in... Kyle Schwarber stood in left field, placed his glove over his mouth and screamed into it so hard, his body shook.   What was he yelling?   ""A lot of bad words,"" Schwarber said after the Cubs defeated the Nationals 2-1 in Game 3 of the National League Division Series.   The Parental Guidance Recommended... Usually, you’d greet the sort of scenario Adrian Peterson finds himself in with a healthy helping of fantasy football skepticism: A disgruntled, 32-year-old running back wears out his welcome with his new team and gets shipped to a team that’s dead last in rushing. By a mile.   But Peterson’s trade... As the Washington Nationals began their postseason bid against the Chicago Cubs, a player from the cornfields of Illinois hopes to build on the legacy of a family with a rare claim to fame in baseball history.   Nationals outfielder Jayson Werth, who grew up near Springfield, is part of four generations... Vikings tight end Kyle Rudolph made the play call in the huddle.   ""Duck, duck, goose."" Or ""Duck, duck, gray duck,"" as they apparently call it in some Minnesota circles.   Vikings quarterback Case Keenum made one adjustment to the call.   ""When Kyle said that in the huddle, first off, I said, 'Let's... Pitching matchup for Game 4 of the National League Division Series between the Cubs and the Nationals. Nationals' Tanner Roark   Tanner Roark grew up a Cubs fan in Wilmington, Ill., making many trips to Wrigley Field.   The Nationals right-hander has abandoned his fandom for this visit. He'll be starting... The strong possibility that his final games at Wrigley Field as a member of the Cubs will be during this postseason haven't been lost on Jake Arrieta.   ""I'm trying to capture some mental images of Wrigley, the fan base and my teammates, and just to try and remember as much as I can about these last... The start of Tuesday's Game 4 of the National League Division Series between the Chicago Cubs and Washington Nationals at Wrigley Field will be delayed.   Officials from Major League Baseball, the Cubs and Nationals will reconvene at 4:30 p.m. with the threat of rain looming.   President Theo Epstein,... With 2 minutes, 32 seconds left in a tie game Monday night at Soldier Field, Bears rookie quarterback Mitch Trubisky stood 90 yards from entering another level of Bears lore — and the end zone.   The hype that preceded Trubisky's first NFL start would have paled in comparison with the avalanche of... For those of you scoring at home, Jose Quintana moved from one Chicago team that couldn’t support him with offense to the other Chicago team that couldn't support him with offense or defense.   Or managing.   Can a guy making his playoff debut in Game 3 of the National League Division Series between... 12 pivotal moments in Cubs’ 2-1 victory in Game 3 of the NLDS.   1. Cubs starter Jose Quintana threw to first, only nobody was home. Michael A.  Taylor, who led off the Nationals’ third with a single, moved to second base when Jose Quintana made the first of two Cubs errors in the inning by throwing... Ominous skies and strong winds are hovering over Wrigley Field, where the Chicago Cubs hope to clinch the best-of-five National League Division Series against the Washington Nationals in Game 4 Tuesday.   Javier Baez, who didn't start in Monday's 2-1 win, returns to the Cubs' lineup and will play... At long last the Bears unveiled the future Monday night at Soldier Field as Mitch Trubisky made his heavily anticipated debut.  He looked as advertised: Athletic, with a stronger arm than some advertised last spring and accuracy even if the final numbers — 12 of 25 for 128 yards with one touchdown... The Blackhawks certainly didn't ease backup goaltender Anton Forsberg into his new role. His first assignment was like being handed a rigorous exam on the first day of class — try to contain a Maple Leafs team on its home ice that has scored 15 goals in its first two games.   Forsberg handled the... Bobby Portis revealed that some Dwyane Wade No. 3 Bulls jerseys still are hanging in Wade's old locker at the Advocate Center.   So the third-year forward can rectify the oversight of Wade never supplying Portis' mom —an unabashed fan dating to Wade's Heat days — with a jersey.   ""I'm going to steal... On average, almost one-quarter of the Chicago TV market watched the Bears’ 20-17 “Monday Night Football” loss to the Vikings, ESPN said Tuesday.    Credit interest in the the debut of Bears rookie Mitch Trubisky at quarterback. The No. 2 pick in this year’s National Football League draft, Trubisky... As the Bears took the field Monday night for the opening possession of their game against the Vikings, a roar echoed around Soldier Field.   Quarterback Mitch Trubisky, drafted No. 2 overall in April, officially took the steering wheel of the offense, beginning his attempt to turn around a sputtering... It's not officially official, but all signs continue to point to Jerian Grant, Justin Holiday, Paul Zipser, Nikola Mirotic and Robin Lopez starting the Bulls opener Oct. 19 in Toronto.   ""I like the way they're playing for each other,"" coach Fred Hoiberg said of that unit.   Offensively, playing with... Chicago Cubs Elisabeth Moss headlines Cubs' Game 4 celebrity guest list NLDS Game 4 between Cubs, Nationals delayed due to weather Cubs could face Stephen Strasburg if Game 4 gets postponed NLDS Game 4: Cubs vs. Nationals Cubs pitcher Kyle Hendricks on Game 4 weather Rain in forecast but Game 4 of NLDS still on Cubs' Javier Baez returns, Ben Zobrist in RF vs. Nationals Prime-time Bears outdraw Cubs; credit Mitch Trubisky, Luke Skywalker, day baseball Start Kyle Hendricks and skip Jake Arrieta if Game 4 gets rained out 12 pivotal moments in Cubs’ tense 2-1 victory over Nationals Cubs overcome flaws for 2-1 victory over Nationals and 2-1 NLDS lead Cubs photos More Chicago Cubs News Cubs pick each other up, take 2-1 series lead over Nationals in NLDS Dusty Baker dared Anthony Rizzo to beat Nationals, and that's what he did Ben Zobrist's persistence pays off for Cubs in Game 3 win Kyle Schwarber on NLDS Game 3 fielding gaffe: 'I'm angry at myself' Max Scherzer's maximum effort not quite enough for Nationals against Cubs NLDS Game 3 turning point: Anthony Rizzo's winning bloop single Nationals starter Max Scherzer on his outing in NLDS Game 3 Dodgers sweep Diamondbacks in NLDS with 3-1 win NLDS Game 4 starter Jake Arrieta to savor what could be his final games as a Cub Another Cubs playoff game, another maddening Joe Maddon pitching decision Cubs photos NLDS Game 4 starters: Tanner Roark vs. Jake Arrieta Ownership in Derek Jeter's long-range vision, says Cubs coach Mike Borzello Carefree Cubs fans savor 1st playoff series as defending champs Cubs manager Joe Maddon amused by second guessing of Game 2 decisions Cubs fans try to score tickets Zach LaVine among Cubs VIPs expected for Game 3; Bill Murray to sing the stretch Cubs starter Jake Arrieta on his hamstring injury Cubs starter Jake Arrieta 'good to go' for Game 4 of NLDS NLDS Game 3: Cubs-Nationals recap, social media reaction Cubs investigating auction of World Series ring, question authenticity Cubs' Jon Jay starts, Javier Baez on bench for NLDS Game 3 Dusty Baker bashers in Chicago have short memories Making something good come out of Bryce Harper’s homer Cubs expect energy at Wrigley Field on Monday to be same as 2016 postseason Mitch Trubisky's debut, Cubs home playoff game make Monday a day for the ages NLDS Game 3 starters: Jose Quintana vs. Max Scherzer Cubs prepared to pull out all the stops against Nationals ace Max Scherzer Max Scherzer 'can't wait' to start Game 3 against Cubs at Wrigley Field Don't use the word 'anxiety' around Cubs manager Joe Maddon World Series Game 7 hero Mike Montgomery not done making memories for Cubs Size matters to most when it comes to graphics during baseball playoffs 8 pivotal moments in Cubs' 6-3 loss in Game 2 of NLDS Popular sign counting years since Cubs' championship sits at zero, so now what? NLDS Game 2 turning point: Bryce Harper's game-tying two-run homer Nationals manager Dusty Baker on Max Scherzer, Tanner Roark Nationals' Max Scherzer: 'I'm fully anticipating to throw 100 pitches' Jose Quintana on first playoff start: 'It's a huge game for me' Cubs manager Joe Maddon on Max Scherzer, Jose Quintana Kyle Schwarber on having fun in the postseason, facing John Lackey 2 years ago Two eighth-inning home runs lead Nationals past Cubs, tie NLDS 1-1 Real Bryce Harper shows he's on his way back in a big way Cubs relievers Carl Edwards Jr. and Mike Montgomery drop the ball Joe Maddon made right move in trusting Carl Edwards Jr. Jon Lester tries to buck up relievers who wasted his fine effort 'Home Run Guy' Sean Thompson makes grab during Cubs-Nationals game NLDS Game 2: Cubs-Nationals recap, social media reaction Puig powers Dodgers to 8-5 win over D-backs, 2-0 series lead The humility of Hendricks Jon Jay: The Cubs' 'almost-everyday player' Joe Maddon thinks Cubs bench coach Dave Martinez is ideal managerial candidate Cubs youngsters benefit from speed bumps during season Nationals bummed by coach Jacque Jones' suspension Nationals manager Dusty Baker preaches calm vs. Cubs Albert Almora Jr. to bat leadoff, Ian Happ starts in LF in Game 2 Cubs' timely hitting, Kyle Hendricks' crafty pitching earn Game 1 victory over Nationals Most read sports stories this hour Rain in forecast but Game 4 of NLDS still on Mike Ditka: 'No oppression in last 100 years' 10 thoughts on the Bears' Week 5 loss to the Vikings Dusty Baker dared Anthony Rizzo to beat Nationals, and that's what he did Derrick Rose recruited LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh in 2010 video Start Kyle Hendricks and skip Jake Arrieta if Game 4 gets rained out Fantasy football waiver wire for Week 6: After Giants catastrophe, Roger Lewis Jr. emerges Cubs could face Stephen Strasburg if Game 4 gets postponed Kyle Schwarber on NLDS Game 3 fielding gaffe: 'I'm angry at myself' Fantasy football reaction: For Adrian Peterson, better days in the Cards Nationals star Werth has deep baseball roots — and organic farm — in downstate Illinois Vikings play 'Duck, duck, goose' ... or is it 'Duck, duck gray duck'? NLDS Game 4 starters: Tanner Roark vs. Jake Arrieta NLDS Game 4 starter Jake Arrieta to savor what could be his final games as a Cub Cubs-Nationals Game 4 start delayed Mitch Trubisky looks the part in debut, offers hope for Bears despite late pick Another Cubs playoff game, another maddening Joe Maddon pitching decision 12 pivotal moments in Cubs’ tense 2-1 victory over Nationals Cubs' Javier Baez returns, Ben Zobrist in RF vs. Nationals As Mitch Trubisky's learning process begins, Leonard Floyd's continues Anton Forsberg 'biggest reason' Blackhawks get point in 4-3 OT loss Young Bulls praise Dwyane Wade as they prepare to face former teammate Prime-time Bears outdraw Cubs; credit Mitch Trubisky, Luke Skywalker, day baseball Mitch Trubisky, Bears trip up late, drop nail-biter to Vikings 20-17 Bulls starting five taking shape entering final week of exhibition games
