At a celebration for his new children's book, ""Everything Is MAMA,"" Jimmy Fallon talked to TODAY's Hoda Kotb about the joys and challenges of parenting. Actress and author Isla Fisher has decided to keep her children out of the public eye and here's why. Jenna Dewan Tatum always looks flawless. And it seems that may be — at least in part — thanks to her go-to concealer. Kunis explained to Marie Claire what she hopes to teach her 3-year-old daughter. The floor at British tile company Casa Ceramica has been designed to mess with your perception. Jennifer Lopez's Manhattan penthouse is for sale — and it's gorgeous. The season premiere of ""This Is Us"" featured a shocking scene, and Mandy Moore told us how the cast and crew kept it under wraps. People.com continues to compile data for their Sexiest Man Alive awards, and now they're looking for the hunk with the sexiest arms, among four options: Drake,... The couple, who are competing against one another on ""Dancing With the Stars,"" have three children. To celebrate the release of Agatha Christie's ""Murder on the Orient Express"" FOX is offering a fan and a guest a trip to Venice and Paris! The actress posted a sweet photo on Instagram showing her son giving her a peck on the lips - and reviving a debate in parenting styles. The 31-year-old has ""had nine concussions"" and suffered ""a fair amount of mini strokes"" over the years. You will totally feel the force of their love. Queen Bey's little princess bears an uncanny resemblance to her famous mom. Over the weekend Lady Gaga honored her late friend Sonja Durham, who died in May after a long battle with breast cancer. Mila Kunis says there's a good reason she and husband Ashton Kutcher aren't buying Christmas gifts for their two children. Messing had some of her fellow leading ladies of television by her side at her Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony. The professional surfer, who lost her arm in a shark attack when she was 13, is expecting a second child with husband Adam Dirks. Is this Ariana Grande's most dramatic hair transformation ever? Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen's former New York City penthouse is for sale. See inside! October is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, and Sofia Vergara is marking the occasion with a mammogram — and a message. Dwayne Johnson has lived up to his nickname: The wrestler-turned-actor is truly a rock for fans who need him. Soon you may be able to eat Giada De Laurentiis' fresh pasta recipes every day  — without lifting a finger to cook them yourself! Getting a multi-talented star like Neil Patrick Harris to sing the national anthem before a game is kind of a big deal — and not just for the home team. The country musician, who was performing when the shooting started, returned to Las Vegas to visit survivors in the hospital. Regrets? Yeah, when it comes to the ""Seinfeld"" ending, he's had a few. Nine-month-old Shai Chmerkovskiy has learned to walk, and his mom, ""Dancing with the Stars"" pro Peta Murgatroyd, says the ""childproofing has begun."" The ""Saturday Night Live"" star recently revealed he was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, a condition that makes it hard for people to regulate... Fans at the Florida Gators-LSU Tigers game on Saturday honored the late Rock and Roll Hall of Famer by singing one of his most popular hits. What better way to start off your week than with some great music! In this week's Sunday Sitdown, Willie Geist visits actor Eric Stonestreet on the set of ""Modern Family."" Stonestreet's breakout role as Cam on the hit series... If ""Modern Family"" star Eric Stonestreet is feeling a little agitated on set, you'll probably notice it based on his breathing. The actor tells Sunday TODAY's... The country musician, who was on stage at a Las Vegas music festival last Sunday when a gunman opened fire on the crowd, opened ""SNL"" with a powerful performance.... Chrissy Teigen, mom to three dogs and one human baby, just adopted a new puppy and we're overcome with their adorable new addition! The pop star made a plea directly to the students of a Culver City, California, elementary school on behalf of a young ""friend"" named Venice. Beloved comedian Ralphie May died Friday, as messages of shock and surprise from the entertainment community poured in on social media. It's time to update your away message on AOL's Instant Messenger one last time, because soon you'll never be able to do it again. HGTV stars reveal the vacuum cleaners that changed their lives. The country music super couple has the best announcement. The Oscar winner just turned 80, and he's not slowing down. Here's why. Nearly half of all kids in the U.S. are affected by some kind of trauma, from divorce to natural disasters, so Sesame Workshop is announcing a new initiative... As TODAY Wellness kicks off, celebrity fitness trainer Bob Harper tests Hoda Kotb and Jenna Bush Hager on their health knowledge, emceeing a game called ""Wheel... Pop Culture Jimmy Fallon talks 'Everything Is MAMA,' how fatherhood has changed his life 'They have rights:' Isla Fisher on why you never see photos of her children Jenna Dewan Tatum swears by this concealer to cover any imperfection Mila Kunis reveals the lesson she wants daughter Wyatt to learn from her This tile company’s optical illusion floor will have you treading lightly Jennifer Lopez is queen of the block in this gargantuan penthouse Mandy Moore reveals behind-the-scenes secrets — and a code word! — from 'This Is Us' Which hunk has the sexiest arms? Kathie Lee and Hoda say… Nick and Vanessa Lachey open up about preemie son: 'There's strength in sharing' Win a trip to Paris where you can ride on the Venice Simplon-Orient-Express! Olivia Wilde kisses her son on the lips — and stirs up social media controversy Frankie Muniz doesn't remember his days on 'Malcolm in the Middle' Try not to cry at a photo of Carrie Fisher's dog watching 'Star Wars' trailer Beyonce looks just like Blue Ivy in adorable throwback pic See Lady Gaga's emotional birthday tribute to friend who died of cancer Why Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher won't give gifts to their kids this Christmas Debra Messing celebrates Walk of Fame star with support of 'Fearless Females' Surfer Bethany Hamilton announces she is pregnant with 2nd child Ariana Grande's hair is gray — on purpose! See her icy-cool look Want to see Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen’s apartment? You got it, dude! Sofia Vergara shares mammogram clip, tells fans, 'You have to do it!' Grandmother with pancreatic cancer gets special message from Dwayne Johnson Giada to open national pasta chain to bring 'good Italian food' to all Watch Neil Patrick Harris belt out the national anthem at Yankees game Jason Aldean returns to Las Vegas one week after shooting Jerry Seinfeld shares regrets on ‘Seinfeld’ finale: ‘There was a lot of pressure’ Peta Murgatroyd's son succeeds at walking, fails at opening drawers in cute clip Pete Davidson addresses mental health struggles on 'SNL' with honesty and humor Watch a stadium full of college football fans sing Tom Petty's 'I Won't Back Down' Listen to Willie Geist's 'Sunday TODAY' playlist here! Eric Stonestreet: The impact of ‘Modern Family’ means a ‘tremendous amount to me’ See how Eric Stonestreet literally blows off stress Watch Jason Aldean pay tribute to Las Vegas victims on 'SNL' with Tom Petty song Chrissy Teigen’s daughter Luna just got a bulldog puppy – See the cute video See Lady Gaga's passionate defense of a young 'friend' being bullied at school Chris Rock, Rosie O’Donnell, Bob Saget, comedians mourn Ralphie May AIM is going away and we're all feeling a bit nostalgic Buying a vacuum? 13 machines that HGTV stars swear by Faith Hill, Tim McGraw celebrate anniversary with joint album announce At 80, Morgan Freeman has one little tip for keeping his energy up Elmo and his Sesame Street pals want to help kids cope with trauma Play ‘Wheel of Wellness’ with Hoda, Jenna and fitness trainer Bob Harper ‘Mr. Science’ Jason Lindsey demonstrates spooky (but fun!) Halloween tricks Mandy Moore on ‘This Is Us,’ her fiance and possibly adopting a child Edie Falco on ‘The Menendez Murders’: ‘They didn’t do it for the money’ Mandy Moore reveals ‘This Is Us’ code word for how Jack died Get a first look at new Jackie Chan thriller ‘The Foreigner’ See Jimmy Fallon read his new children’s book, ‘Everything Is Mama,’ to Hoda Frankie Muniz: I can’t remember ‘Malcom in the Middle’ ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ trailer has fans out in Force on social media Harvey Weinstein gets slammed by Jennifer Lawrence and other stars T.D. Jakes talks about his inspirational new book ‘Soar!’ ‘Dynasty’ star Liz Gillies talks about new reboot of iconic series Tyler Perry: Madea is a star because she’s ‘politically incorrect’ Harvey Weinstein told me ‘I had a great time’ after harassing me, journalist says Harvey Weinstein ‘cornered me,’ TV journalist Lauren Sivan tells Megyn Kelly Miley Cyrus, Blake Shelton and other ‘Voice’ stars feast with Carson Daly Tyler Perry talks about ‘Madea Halloween 2’ and his new book Beyonce looks just like Blue Ivy in throwback pic on Instagram Jerry Seinfeld expresses regret over ‘Seinfeld’ finale Angelina Jolie reportedly offered to set ‘honey trap’ for warlord Eric Stonestreet: The impact of ‘Modern Family’ means a ‘tremendous amount to me’ This week’s Highs: Las Vegas candlelight vigil, amazing chip shot See how Eric Stonestreet literally blows off stress Watch Terry Crews start hallucinating while eating spicy hot wings George Clooney to receive the American Film Institute’s 46th Life Achievement Award Watching sports may be as good as exercising, researchers say
