The underdog Ravens have had the best of this AFC North rivalry recently, winning four in a row and six of the past seven meetings with Pittsburgh. UCLA, 13-0 and ranked No. 2, represents the biggest surprise of the college basketball season. The Bruins’ odds to win the national championship were posted at 50-1 in early November. Three popular favorites (New England, Oakland and Pittsburgh) and one trendy underdog (Tampa Bay) paid off the betting public in NFL Week 15. The Raiders, 10-3 and smelling a playoff spot for the first time in 14 years, are 3-point favorites at San Diego. Philip Rivers and the Chargers (5-8) are fading again. Joe Flacco and the Ravens are 7-point underdogs at New England on Monday. Baltimore has won and covered four of its past five games. The most intriguing pre-Christmas matchup is in the Las Vegas Bowl, which pits Houston against San Diego State on Dec. 17. The Cougars lost their coach. The Aztecs have running back Donnel Pumphrey. Derek Carr’s two touchdown passes in the second half rallied the Oakland Raiders, popular 3-point favorites, to a 38-24 victory over the Buffalo Bills. The Cardinals, who rank No. 1 in the NFL in total defense, can bounce back and cover Sunday as 2½-point favorites over the Washington Redskins. It’s a big weekend for quarterback Deshaun Watson, who can lead Clemson back to the College Football Playoff and make his case for the Heisman Trophy. On a Sunday when favorites won 10 of 12 games, bookmakers needed the underdog New York Jets to cover against New England to avoid disaster. News in your in-box: Sign up for newsletters and alerts Get news delivered via email when you sign up here. Choose the topics you care about most – and let us do the digging Check out what's for sale or rent in the Las Vegas valley HOMES Explore life stories, offer condolences & send flowers. OBITUARIES Buy, Sell or just browse to see what's for sale CLASSIFIEDS Your best source of local jobs and career training JOBS Browse to see cars & trucks for sale from local dealers AUTOS Copyright © 2017 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Section Local Section Sports Section Business Section Opinion Section Crime Section Entertainment Section Life Section Obituaries Section Autos Section Homes Section Jobs Section Classifieds Section Matt Youmans Looking for something specific in Matt Youmans?
