Find out the secret product Victoria Beckham used to undo her over-plucked brows from the ‘90s On the Monday, October 9, episode of ‘Dancing with the Stars,’ Frankie Muniz opened up about his experience with severe memory loss — find out more Bella Hadid turned 21 and celebrated with family, friends and by flashing her bare butt — see the pic Harvey Weinstein admitted to groping model Ambra Battilana Guttierez in an audio tape published by the New Yorker on Tuesday, October 10 – find out more Watch Backstreet Boys' Nick Carter Teach Us How to Dance Beyonce and Jay Z Welcome Twins! ‘Bachelor in Paradise’ New Cast: Look Back At Their Most Shocking Moments Jennie Garth: Tori Spelling Ate Maggots on ‘Beverly Hills, 90210’ President Donald Trump says he'd 'win' an IQ test over Rex Tillerson after his alleged 'moron' comment — see what POTUS said Hillary Clinton released a statement regarding the allegations against campaign donor Harvey Weinstein — get the details  Mila Kunis opened up in a new interview about motherhood and her tendency to overthink things — get the details  'Dancing With the Stars' partners Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Vanessa Lachey appeared to be 'back to normal' after their behind-the-scenes drama, a source exclusively tells Us Weekly — details Emily Ratajkowski rocked a caftan in Morocco  — get her look! Father of the Bride’s George Newbern, who played Bryan MacKenzie, reveals that there is a script for a third movie — read his exclusive Us Weekly Q&A! Sylvester Stallone announced that he will be directing the latest film in the Rocky franchise — details Makeup artist Patrick Starr did a Fenty beauty tutorial on a model that looks exactly like Rihanna — see the insane pic! Olivia Wilde was mom-shamed for kissing her son, Otis, on the lips — get the details October is Breast Cancer Awareness month and Stylish curated products you can buy from brands that contribute to the fight against it! See the stars' best looks, from slaying the red carpet to flawless street style ensembles and more! These are the 10 on-trend purses to add to your daily rotation for fall 2017! Disney's Tiffany Thornton is slamming critics who think she got remarried too soon after the death of her first husband — find out more Vice President Mike Pence's daughter Charlotte Pence is enrolled in an agent training program at United Talent Agency in Los Angeles, a source exclusively confirms to Us Weekly — get the details Donna Karan has apologized after defending Harvey Weinstein amid allegations of sexual misconduct — read her statement Mandy Moore opened up to Us Weekly at The Rape Foundation's Annual Brunch in Beverly Hills on Sunday, October 8, in Beverly Hills — find out what she had to say The 'Star wars: The Last Jedi' trailer finally dropped on Monday, October 9 — watch the video and read the best reactions! Justin Bieber is interested in acting and asked two longtime thespians for some advice over dinner — details Maks Chmerkovskiy returns following his drama with Vanessa Lachey, Derek Fisher goes home — read Us Weekly's 'Dancing With the Stars' recap 'Bachelor' alum Nick Viall is set to make his TV acting debut — find out more Wedding prep, an emergency room visit and more went down during the Monday, October 9, episode of 'Teen Mom 2' — read Us Weekly’s recap! Pregnant sisters Kylie Jenner and Khloe Kardashian shared selfies together on Snapchat on Monday, October 9 — see the pics Tyler Posey talked to Us about those private photos of him that leaked earlier this year — find out more Kendall Jenner and Blake Griffin enjoyed a fun night out with friends on Sunday, October 8 – get the details! Kate Beckinsale’s cats Robyn and Clive are her fluffiest best friends — watch the latest video in our 'Pets, They're Just Like Us’ series Ben Affleck revealed the one piece of advice Christian Bale gave him when it came to being Batman — see what he said! Kristin Chenoweth reveals the 25 things we don’t know about her to Us Weekly Video – watch! In 2013, The Bachelorette’s JoJo Fletcher made a guest appearance on her brother’s reality show, ‘Ready for Love’ — watch the throwback clip!  Part of the American Media Inc. Celebrity News Network. Latest News Stars — They're Just Like Us! Naya Rivera Spotted With Ryan Dorsey After Calling Off Their Divorce Drake Throws Bella Hadid an Extravagant 21st Birthday Party This $9 Concealer is Always in Molly Sims’ Bag: Watch the Video! Matt Damon Denies Trying to Kill 2004 Story on Weinstein Allegations Audrina Patridge, Corey Bohan Reach Custody Agreement This Is Us' Sterling K. Brown: Foster Child Will Bring 'the Heat' See Every Product in the Fenty Beauty Holiday Collection 16 Things You Need From Kate Spade’s Sale!  Top Headlines Duchess Kate Debuts Her Baby Bump: Pics Harvey Weinstein Accused of Rape: 7 Revelations From New Report Angelina Jolie Accuses Harvey Weinstein of Sexual Harassment Kate Winslet, George Clooney and More Speak Out Against Harvey Weinstein Gwyneth Paltrow Alleges She Was Sexually Harassed by Harvey Weinstein Anthony Bourdain Supports GF Asia Argento Amid Weinstein Accusation Jenelle Evans Slams 'Teen Mom 2': I'm 'Probably' Quitting .st0{fill:none;stroke:#FFFFFF;stroke-width:2;}
    .st1{fill:none;stroke:#FFFFFF;stroke-width:2;stroke-linecap:round;}
  Photos Jeremy Meeks and Chloe Green: A Timeline of Their Relationship Featured Galleries The Biggest Celeb Feuds of All Time Celebrity Deaths in 2017: Stars... Inside Scott Disick, Sofia Richie’s... Mariah Carey, Andrew Garfield, Sienna Miller and More! October Horoscopes for Your Favorite Pet What Should Your Pet Be for Halloween? Videos Mayim Bialik’s Cats Are Just Like Us! Next Up Us Weekly Exclusive Video
