 The Ivana-Melania Trump dustup offers an odd coming attraction for the reboot of the Colby-Carrington soap opera. » U2's lead singer Bono asked Argentina's president on Monday about an activist who went missing after police cleared protesters from a highway more than two months ago.

Bono said he spoke to President Mauricio... » Fashion mogul Donna Karan is apologizing after praising Harvey Weinstein following his firing from his film company amid allegations of sexual harassment lasting decades.

The Daily Mail reports Karan told... » Seth Meyers discusses Vice President Mike Pence's plan with President Donald Trump to leave an Indianapolis Colts game early because of protesting players. » Watch Jimmy Fallon and Seth Meyers bring the laughs late night on NBC. » The trailer for ""Star Wars: The Last Jedi"" debuted in dramatic fashion during Monday Night Football halftime. Fireworks flashed and Stormtroopers marched onto Chicago's Soldier Field as the preview played... » Tyler Perry's Madea performs as the White House communications director and holds a ""press conference."" » Jimmy Fallon takes time to announce a $1 million donation from ""The Tonight Show,"" in partnership with Walmart, to help bring relief to Hurricane Maria-ravaged Puerto Rico. » Seth Meyers turns it over to the women writers of ""Late Night,"" who respond to the claims of sexual harassment against movie producer Harvey Weinstein. »  Movies, music, and TV updates via email. Entertainment Top Stories Hollywood's Long, Ugly History With Sexual Harassment Creator of 'Honest Trailers' Fired Over Harassment Claims Rose McGowan Calls Out Male Stars Over Weinstein on Twitter 3 Women Accuse Harvey Weinstein of Rape in New Article In Their Words: Hollywood Stars React to Weinstein's Ouster Hollywood's Long, Ugly History With Sexual Harassment Creator of 'Honest Trailers' Fired Over Harassment Claims Rose McGowan Calls Out Male Stars Over Weinstein on Twitter 3 Women Accuse Harvey Weinstein of Rape in New Article In Their Words: Hollywood Stars React to Weinstein's Ouster Ivana Meets Alexis: Greeting A New 'Dynasty' U2's Bono Asks Argentine President About Missing Activist Donna Karan Sorry After Comments Praising Harvey Weinstein 'Late Night': A Closer Look at Pence's NFL 'Stunt' Late at Night on NBC Stormtroopers Introduce 'Last Jedi' Trailer at Soldier Field 'Tonight': Madea as the White House Communications Director 'Tonight': Fallon Announces $1M Donation to Puerto Rico 'Late Night' Women Writers Respond to Harvey Weinstein 1 2 3 4 5 +  Photos & Videos Get Entertainment
