Auto buyers have yet to show much love for electric cars.   Sales of the Tesla Model S and Model X have stalled at around 25,000 per quarter. The company has yet to prove it can make and sell the lower-priced Model 3 in large numbers, saying Monday that it had produced only 260 of the cars through... In July, Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk warned that “production hell” was ahead for Tesla’s new and long-anticipated Model 3.   He wasn’t kidding. On Monday, the company said it had only produced 260 Model 3 cars from the start of production in late July through September 30, far short of the 1,500... The easier it is to charge an electric car, the more people are likely to buy them. So goes the thinking at ChargePoint, the largest car-charging network in the U.S.   To that end, ChargePoint on Thursday introduced a “tap to pay” app for the iPhone, the Apple Watch and Android phones.   Rather than... Ford will begin testing self-driving cars on ride-hailing company Lyft’s network with human drivers at the wheel for backup, the companies said late Tuesday.   Ford also plans to test self-driving cars on the Lyft network with no human in the driver’s seat. It said that part will be just a research... In a letter of apology to Londoners on Monday, Uber’s new chief executive moved to repair his company’s reputation after the city’s transport authority said it would scrap the ride-hailing service’s operating license.   Dara Khosrowshahi issued a letter to London's Evening Standard newspaper acknowledging... To get a sense of computer scientist Naveen Rao, just take a look at his hands.   The 42-year-old has busted all 10 of his fingers over a lifetime of skiing, skateboarding, bicycling, rollerblading, race-car driving, wrestling and hoops.   He’s not a clod; he’s a risk taker who pushes physical and... The American arm of Yamaha Motor Corp. will begin selling its first branded power-assist electric bicycles.   The Japanese giant, which manufactures everything from motorcycles and musical instruments to personal water scooters and motorboats, will begin selling Yamaha Power Assist Bicycles through... Proterra, the electric bus company based in Burlingame, Calif., with an assembly plant in City of Industry, claimed a world record for electric vehicle range on Tuesday.   Its Catalyst E2 all-electric bus traveled 1,101.2 miles over a test track on a single charge, the company said.   That bests a... Intel Corp. says it is expanding its relationship with Google spinoff Waymo in the development of self-driving cars.   The world's largest computer chipmaker said Monday that it will take on a more collaborative role with Waymo's new self-driving Chrysler Pacifica minivans. Intel will continue to... Trucks could be the first type of vehicle on U.S. roads to be fully automated because their regular highway routes are easier for sensor technology to navigate than more complicated city grids.   But as self-driving technology continues to speed through development, key stakeholders disagree about... Go for it! In essence, that’s the Trump administration’s new directive on driverless-car development.  Under those guidelines, automakers and technology companies will be asked to voluntarily submit safety assessments to the U.S. Department of Transportation, but they don’t have to do it.  And states... China plans to ban new vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel engines. The implications for the global auto industry run deep.   The move is spun as an environmental story. But it’s a major economic story as well.   China will set a deadline for carmakers to stop selling cars that run exclusively... Mercedes-Benz is getting back into the hydrogen fuel cell game.   The German auto giant announced at the just-convened Frankfurt International Motor Show that it would begin selling the GLC F-Cell in the U.S. by late 2019.   Mercedes, which calls the hybrid SUV “the world’s first electric vehicle with... Tesla Inc. is building electric charging stations in city centers to attract urban buyers who don't have garages in which to charge their cars.  Stations in Boston and Chicago opened Monday. The Chicago station can charge 10 vehicles at a time, and the Boston station can charge eight.  A map on Tesla's... Most people still say they wouldn’t buy a self-driving vehicle, but they become far more open to the idea after they try cars with automatic driver-assist features.   That’s according to a survey conducted by global consulting firm AlixPartners.   Only 18% of those surveyed reported personal experience... In case anyone still questions whether the world’s automakers are taking electric cars seriously, BMW said Thursday that 12 all-electric cars and 13 hybrids will be on the market by 2025.   BMW joins Volvo, Mercedes-Benz, Volkswagen, Ford and other carmakers that have announced big plans to sell... Hurricanes. Wildfires. Heat waves.   Asthma. Bronchitis. Emphysema. Lung cancer. War.   Those specters and more were raised Wednesday at a public hearing in Washington by opponents of a Trump administration plan to consider cutbacks in pollution and fuel economy standards for automobiles and light... The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to speed the introduction of self-driving cars by giving the federal government authority to exempt automakers from safety standards not applicable to the technology, and to permit deployment of up to 100,000 of the vehicles annually over the next several... The battle for control of the small but increasingly competitive electric vehicle market got a little hotter Tuesday night, as Japanese car company Nissan unveiled a new Leaf with a stronger battery and longer range — at a price well below rival electric cars.   At a glitzy ceremony in Tokyo, broadcast... A $3-billion spending bill to boost rebates for electric vehicles was amended in the California Legislature late Friday.   The $3 billion was taken out of the bill, AB 1184. No dollar amount was inserted to take its place.   Instead, the bill is now a directive to the state Air Resources Board to conduct... Democratic leaders in the California Senate on Friday moved a $3-billion spending plan that would dramatically raise state rebate amounts on electric and plug-in hybrid cars to a full floor vote in the Assembly and the Senate.   The action came moments after a representative of the state Department... The National Labor Relations Board has ordered electric automobile maker Tesla Inc. to respond to complaints filed by workers alleging unfair labor practices and efforts to hinder unionization.   The NLRB order, filed Thursday, consolidates several cases brought by Tesla workers Michael Sanchez,... Floodwaters in and around Houston severely damaged or destroyed hundreds of thousands of cars and trucks, most of which will be replaced. Those new and used vehicle sales will benefit automakers and the economy, providing a glint of silver lining amid terrible tragedy.   The storm “is the worst in... At first, it was just three old friends with three old cars.   Creighton Turner had built a new garage, big enough for more cars than he owned, behind his Pasadena house.   He invited two buddies to bring their cars around, so they could help each other keep their finicky engines in tune.   One of the... The California state Legislature will decide Friday whether to go forward with a $3-billion plan to increase electric vehicle rebates far beyond the current rate of $2,500 per car, even as the source of funding remains in question.   The bill, AB-1184, had called for a guaranteed $500 million a year... Uber will end a controversial policy of tracking some riders for five minutes after their trip ends, the ride-hailing company said Tuesday as it tries to repair its privacy reputation.   Uber was criticized by users and privacy advocates when it announced last year that it would collect location... A Volkswagen engineer who had a key role in the company's diesel emissions scandal has been sentenced to more than three years in prison and fined $200,000 — a steeper punishment than prosecutors requested.   James Robert Liang, 63, knew the German automaker was cheating and worked to cover it up,... Want to drive a 1937 Packard this weekend? A 1973 VW van? A 1931 Model A? DriveShare has your car.   The new company, modeling itself as the “Airbnb of vintage cars,” is now offering a peer-to-peer rental service.   Using a database of more than 1 million vehicles insured by parent company Hagerty,... Ferrari has a new V-8 GT. It’s called the Portofino, after the coastal Italian resort town.   The new machine, which replaces the company’s California T touring sports car, is lighter, more powerful and quicker than the outgoing vehicle.   Ferrari said in its announcement that the Portofino, powered... A dangerous Takata air bag should have been recalled before going from a wrecked car to a salvage yard, eventually ending up in a 2002 Honda Accord and nearly killing a Las Vegas woman, a lawsuit alleges.   The Accord was fixed up and sold in March 2016 to the family of Karina Dorado, a 19-year-old... The tallies are in, the judges’ ballots are all counted, and the trophies have all gone home with the winners. Here are the celebrants, listed by category, as provided by the Pebble Beach Concours D’Elegance.   COMPLETE LIST OF 2017 WINNERS   Best of Show 1929 Mercedes-Benz S Barker Tourer Bruce... A new record was set for a British car sale, a new record was set for a McLaren car sale, and a new auction house joined the action during the just-concluded Monterey Car Week, but the total auction sales figure was down slightly from 2016.   RM Sotheby broke existing British car records when it... Chinese SUV maker Great Wall Motors is considering making a bid to buy Fiat Chrysler's Jeep unit, spokespeople for the Chinese company said Monday, in a possible ambitious new step onto the global stage for one of China's fast-growing auto brands.   Great Wall has yet to formally declare its interest... Dawn broke over the Monterey Peninsula and found the 18th fairway at historic Pebble Beach Golf Links decorated with a sampling of the most beautiful motor cars ever made.   The annual Pebble Beach Concours d’Elegance, which caps the Monterey Car Week, attracts only automotive superlatives. Entrants... The Petersen Automotive Museum will transform its Mullin Grand Salon into a Porsche platform, starting early next year.   The Wilshire Boulevard car museum has entered into an agreement with Porsche Cars North America to convene a yearlong exhibit of what its officers call “one of the most comprehensive... Barely in time for the 50th anniversary of the Summer of Love, Volkswagen has announced it will bring back the most iconic vehicle of the 1960s.   The VW van will return sometime in the next two years, as the I.D. Buzz. But this time around, it’s not a four-cylinder, water-cooled gas burner. The... The Sunday in Monterey Car Week belongs to Pebble Beach, and its Concours D’Elegance.   But Friday increasingly belongs to Carmel Valley, and its The Quail, A Motorsports Gathering.   And the exclusive all-day affair — where luxury lifestyle manufacturers of everything including fine wines, custom... Uber’s co-founder and former chief executive, Travis Kalanick, has struck back at venture capital firm Benchmark.   In seeking to dismiss a fraud lawsuit Benchmark filed against him, he called the suit a “smear campaign” and characterized the firm’s partners as ruthless opportunists who staged an... Honda showed up early for the hydrogen fuel cell party, getting to market before Toyota’s Mirai and Hyundai’s Tuscon with an early version of its current Clarity sedan.  Now the company is increasing its visibility on the EV scene with an all-electric Clarity — but arriving too late, critics will... AUTOS .trb_outfit_group[data-content-limit='2']:first-child .trb_outfit_group_list_item_figure~.trb_outfit_group_list_item_body .trb_outfit_relatedListTitle_a {font-size: 30px; line-height: 30px; }AUTOMOTIVE NEWS, SAFETY & TRENDS GM buys Strobe, a Pasadena startup that makes crucial tech for self-driving cars Elon Musk says Tesla Model 3 remains 'deep in production hell' Adventure Rally draws riders and generates profit for motorcycle magazine publisher RawHyde helps motorcycle riders get ready for rough stuff Complex infotainment systems are putting driver lives at risk, AAA says New Ford CEO Jim Hackett promises a leaner, smarter company Judge slams Uber and Waymo lawyers: 'I cannot trust what they say' Fiat Chrysler recalls more than 700,000 vehicles over improperly installed brake shields AUTOMOTIVE REVIEWS L.A. Drives: Latigo Canyon in a Shelby Daytona Coupe 2017 Lamborghini Aventador S: How does 145 mph feel in a $483,000 car? Chevy's Colorado ZR2 is a big boy truck toy Cruising California canyons in Jaguar's F-Type SVR Harley's new hogs, ready for the 21st century MORE FROM AUTOS General Motors, with an eye on China, promises at least 20 all-electric vehicles by 2023 Tesla's Model 3 has a very bad September: Production falls far short You can now 'tap to charge' your electric car with a phone or watch Ford and Lyft team up to put driverless cars on the road Uber CEO apologizes to London, saying his company 'got things wrong' Intel wiped out in mobile. Can this guy help it catch the AI wave? Power-assist electric bicycles coming from Yamaha Proterra claims world record, says its electric bus traveled more than 1,100 miles on a single charge Intel and Waymo expand their self-driving-car collaboration Self-driving trucks need more scrutiny than self-driving cars, union says. Others disagree Driverless cars on public highways? Go for it, Trump administration says China is banning traditional auto engines. Its aim: electric car domination Mercedes commits to hydrogen fuel with GLC F-Cell hybrid Tesla is adding charging stations in city centers People are still wary of self-driving cars, but reluctance drops after they try driver-assist features, study says BMW plans 25 all-electric and hybrid vehicles by 2025; Jaguar shows off electric E-type Public dumps on Trump plan to reconsider automobile fuel economy standards House passes bill to help self-driving cars hit the road sooner Nissan reveals a new Leaf, putting pressure on electric car rivals Plan to boost electric-vehicle rebates to $3 billion is scrapped in favor of state study $3-billion electric vehicle rebate bill moves to California Legislature for full vote Labor regulators order Tesla to respond to worker complaints Hurricane destruction expected to boost auto sales Car Night has been an L.A. institution. But soon it could face the end of the road Funding for $3-billion electric car rebate bill is up in the air Uber says it'll stop tracking riders after they're dropped off Volkswagen engineer gets prison term and $200,000 fine in emissions-cheating case For lovers of vintage cars, DriveShare is the new place to rent (or rent out) your ride Ferrari unveils its new V-8 GT Portofino How a dangerous Takata air bag made its way into a used car Pebble Beach 2017: Complete list of Concours D'Elegance winners Pebble Beach 2017: Final automobile auction numbers down from 2016 China's Great Wall Motors considers bid for Fiat Chrysler's Jeep unit  Pebble Beach 2017: Guts, glory and glamour at Concours d'Elegance Pebble Beach 2017: Petersen to partner with Porsche on new exhibit Pebble Beach 2017: The VW van is back — but this time it's electric Pebble Beach 2017: Elegant ATS 2500 named Best of Show winner at The Quail Uber's Travis Kalanick punches back against the Benchmark lawsuit targeting him Honda Clarity Electric: A plug-in BEV with mid-size sedan style
